{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Run at speed to the far end of the arena past the end marker and do a left rollback \'96 no hesitation. \
{\listtext	2.	}Run to the opposite end of the arena past the end marker and do a right roll- back \'96 no hesitation. \
{\listtext	3.	}Run past the center marker and do a sliding stop. Back up to center of the arena or at least ten feet (three meters). Hesitate. \
{\listtext	4.	}Complete four spins to the right. Hesi- tate. \
{\listtext	5.	}Complete four and one-quarter spins to the left so that horse is facing left wall or fence. Hesitate. \
{\listtext	6.	}Beginning on the left lead, complete three circles to the left: the first circle large and fast; the second circle small and slow; the third circle large and fast. Change leads at the center of the arena. \
{\listtext	7.	}Complete three circles to the right: the first circle large and fast; the second cir- cle small and slow; the third circle large and fast. Change leads at the center of the arena. \
{\listtext	8.	}Begin a large fast circle to the left but do not close this circle. Run straight up the right side of the arena past the center marker and do a sliding stop at least twenty feet (six meters) from wall or fence. Hesitate to demonstrate the com- pletion of the pattern. \uc0\u8232 Rider must dismount and drop bridle to the designated judge. \
}